hey there it's the man of recaps time
for house of cards season three dub
Stanford left for dead after Rachel
bashed him in the head last season he
does survive but he will have some
serious physical therapy to go through
he goes to see now President Frank
Underwood but Frank has no use for
weakness and he's like you healed
yourself and come back later I've got
Remy Danton as my chief of staff now
Frank's trying to pass a big jobs bill
called America works but it's not
working
and the Democratic leadership does not
want him to run for president in the
next election
of course Frank's gonna run for
president so he assembles his team he's
got Remy Denton his chief of staff and
Seth Grayson his media correspondent
they get Majority Whip Jackie sharp on
board in exchange for her becoming vice
president because Donald Blythe is not
going to stay on the ticket Jackie and
Remy by the way had an affair last
season but it's over now she's dating
some surgeon but first Frank has to deal
with the Russian president viktor petrov
who is basically exactly putin they're
working on some sort of joint Middle
East peace deal and they're having a lot
of fun at the banquet they're doing
shots of vodka but behind closed doors
Petra was like nah I'm not working with
you at all in fact screw you
Frank named his wife Claire underwood
ambassador to the UN
despite Congress saying no and she's
trying to get the Middle East thing
going through there but Russia shuts it
down again the Russian ambassador is
like you are woman we don't respect you
but she employs the intimidation tactic
of making them watch her pee anyway the
Democrats want their presidential
nominee to be Heather Dunbar the special
prosecutor who was investigating Frank
last season
Frank tries to cut this off by
nominating her to be a Supreme Court
justice which would be great but instead
she announces her campaign for
presidency and she's like Frank you are
a criminal and slimy and I'm going to
beat you
Dunbar gets a shady call from Doug
Stamper with his cane in the shadows and
he's like hey Frank doesn't want me I'm
willing to work for you now behind the
scenes he's also working with hacker guy
who as part of his deal is stuck working
for the FBI which he hates but he's
having tracked down Rachel in exchange
for being allowed to leave the country
the Russia situation escalates when an
American citizen is arrested over there
for protesting gay rights Petrov is
willing to work at a deal but the guy
has to read an apology which he refuses
to do Claire stays to convince him all
night long and when she wakes up oh he
hugged himself
oh that's scarring Frank and Petrov
finally come to an agreement and they're
reading a prepared statement but Claire
can't help herself she says shame on you
on live TV so Frank and Claire have
their biggest fight yet now let me
introduce novelist Tom Yates he wrote a
famous book called Scorpio that everyone
loves so Frank wants to
come on to write a book about America
works but Tom is really good at cutting
to the core of people and pretty soon he
and Frank's become friends and as tends
to happen with Frank things get weirdly
sexual one night but that doesn't go
anywhere but anyway Tom had a front-row
seat to see the Underwood's fight and
then make up and then fight again and
he's like you know what Frank this book
is not about America works it's about
your marriage and he writes it and it's
incredible but Frank's like obviously we
can't use any of this so long story
short he's fired so Frank is really
pushing this America Works program but
Congress refuses to fund it so he goes
to FEMA and raise all the emergency
disaster relief funds to start it up in
DC of course a hurricane shows up and
they have no fun so he needs to go to
Congress to replenish the money and
they're like only if you kill America
works so he has no choice but to sign it
and unfortunately the hurricane sails
away anyway but people liked America
works because it really did work and so
he officially announces that he's
running for president meanwhile hacker
guy can only do so much online so he
tracks down Rachael's ex-girlfriend in
person and long story short he pretends
to have AIDS so that she'll open up to
him about how they always wanted to go
to Santa Fe New Mexico with the narrowed
down search he's able to find her but
unfortunately she died in a fire
Doug stampers super sad because he was
sort of in love with her he starts
drinking again he is an alcoholic by the
way and he gives the president the good
news that Rachel's dead but then like
cries in his lab because he's drunk so
they finally got the United Nations
Middle East thing going but some
Russians get killed one day which makes
it escalate in the area and the
Ambassador secretly tells Claire that
the Russians killed their own men in
order to escalate so Frank authorizes
covert ops to go in and find proof of
that but it goes terribly wrong and a
guy gets killed and just the situation
gets worse
Frank has to go down there in person to
meet with Petrov and he's like all right
what do you want to get out of here and
Petra I was like I want you to fire your
wife from the UN he's like what why he's
like you know because she embarrassed me
on TV and plus it'll hurt you
Plus look at these ABS bro you want to
mess so Frank has to fire Claire and
they have their even biggest bigger
fight yet so Frank's first debate with
Heather Dunbar is coming up Jackie sharp
is ostensibly running for president -
the plan is she'll drop out later and
support Frank but in the meantime she's
going to attack Dunbar so Frank in her
his main presidential now she's not
super comfortable with this so she
checks with gun bar and she's like hey
friends gonna make me vice president if
I drop out and support him what can you
offer me and she's like nothing I'm an
honest politician that will choose the
best person for the job
and it's like what okay so at the debate
she attacks Heather relentlessly
bringing her kids into
which is just like wow not cool man and
even Frank like yeah not cool she's like
I don't feel comfortable with this
dynamic or you have all the power and
he's like I don't care what you feel
comfortable with I do have all the power
now shut up and get in line so Jackie
drops out and supports Dunbar even
without any promises from her and Remy's
like you know what Frank's a dick I'm
gonna resign to these to start their
affair up again even though Jackie is
technically married now to her surgeon
they offer Remy a spot on Dunbar's
campaign but he's like you know I'm
tired of politics I'm gonna retire see
you next season
Dunbar's in the lead for now but Frank
is gaining quickly because people love
Claire underwood Heather hates playing
dirty
but Stamper tells her about the journal
that proves Claire lied about the
abortions and is like I'll sell this to
you but really he brings it to Frank and
he's like hey I've always been your man
he burns it in front of him and he's
like give me my job back his chief of
staff and so stammers back on the team
he gets distracted though by a call from
hacker dude who was safely out of the
country and said he lied rachel is still
alive and they'll tell him where she is
in exchange for him getting his friend
out of prison Doug decides to do it the
old-fashioned way though and beat him
till he talks he finds spray Chilton's
having a pretty nice life in Santa Fe
kidnaps her and is gonna kill her this
time she's like sorry I almost killed
you but I promise I won't ever talk to
anyone just let me go and he's like I
still sort of love you so he lets her go
but then he thinks better of it figures
I'll just kill her right now get it over
with
so sad Doug Frank wins the Iowa caucus
but Claire's mad because she's sick of
being in his shadow and he's like I'm
the president what do you want so their
fight comes to a head and she's like you
know what I'm gonna leave you and that
gel season three comes to an end hey
thanks for watching the man of recaps
stay tuned for House of Cards season 4
or watch any of these other cool videos
[Music]